ar	توقفت العملية برمز الخروج 	.
ar	فشلت العملية مع رمز الخطأ 	.
be	Працэс завяршыўся з кодам 	.
be	Працэс нечакана спыніўся з кодам 	.
ca	El procés ha sortit amb el codi 	.
ca	El procés ha caigut amb el codi d'eixida 	.
cs	Hra skončila s chybovým kódem 	.
cs	Hra spadla s chybovým kódem 	.
da	Processen sluttede med kode 	.
da	Processen crashede med slutkode 	.
de	Der Prozess wurde mit Status 	 beendet.
de	Der Prozess ist mit dem Status 	 abgestürzt.
de	Der Prozess wurde mit Status 	 beendet.
de	Das Programm ist mit dem Status 	 abgestürzt.
el	Η διεργασία τερμάτισε με κωδικό 	.
el	Η διεργασία κατέρρευσε με κωδικό 	.
en@pirate	Voyage ended with code 	.
en@pirate	Process sunk with exitcode 	.
en@uwu	Pwocess exited with code 	.
en@uwu	Pwocess cwashed with exitcode 	.
en	Process exited with code 	.
en	Process crashed with exitcode 	.
es	El proceso se cerró con el código 	.
es	El proceso ha terminado de forma inesperada con el código: 	.
es	El proceso se cerró con el código 	.
es	El proceso terminó de forma inesperada con el código: 	.
et	Protsess väljus koodiga 	.
et	Protsess jooksis kokku väljumiskoodiga 	.
fa	پردازش با کد 	 خارج شد.
fa	پردازش خراب شد با کد خروج 	.
fi	Prosessi sulkeutui koodilla 	.
fi	Prosessi kaatui poistumiskoodilla 	.
fil	Nag-exit ang process na may code na 	.
fil	Nag-crash ang process na may exitcode na 	.
fr	Le processus s'est arrêté avec le code de sortie 	.
fr	Le processus a cessé de fonctionner avec le code de sortie 	.
fr	Le process est sorti avec un code 	.
fr	Le processus à planté avec le code de sortie 	.
fur	Il procès al è jessût cul codiç 	.
fur	Il procès al è colassât cul codiç di jessude 	.
ga	Próiseas scortha le cód 	.
ga	Thuairteáil an próiseas leis an gcód scoir 	.
gl	Proceso terminado co código 	.
gl	O proceso quebrou co código 	.
hu	A folyamat kilépett 	 kóddal.
hu	Folyamat összeomlott 	 kilépési kóddal.
id	Proses keluar dengan kode 	.
id	Proses gagal dengan kode keluar 	.
it	Il processo si è chiuso con codice 	.
it	Il processo si è chiuso improvvisamente con codice 	.
ja	Minecraftは終了コード 	 で終了しました。
ja	Minecraftは終了コード 	 でクラッシュしました。
ja	程務は終了戻り値 	 で終了しました。
ja	程務は終了戻り値 	 で崩れた。
ko	마인크래프트가 종료 코드 	와(과) 함께 종료했습니다.
ko	프로세스가 종료 코드 	와(과) 함께 충돌했습니다.
lv	Process beidzās ar kodu 	.
lv	Process beidzās ar kodu 	.
ms	Proses keluar dengan kod 	.
ms	Proses ranap dengan kod keluar 	.
nb	Prosessen avsluttet med koden 	.
nb	Prosessen krasjet med avslutningskoden 	.
nl	Proces is afgesloten met code 	.
nl	Proces is gecrasht met code 	.
nn	Prosessen avslutta med sluttkode 	.
nn	Prosessen krasja med sluttkode 	.
pl	Proces zakończył z kodem 	.
pl	Proces został nieoczekiwanie zamknięty z kodem wyjściowym 	.
pt	O processo foi encerrado com o código 	.
pt	O processo bloqueou com o código 	.
pt	O processo foi encerrado com o código 	.
pt	O processo parou de funcionar com o código 	.
ro	Procesul a ieșit cu codul 	.
ro	Procesul s-a oprit cu codul de ieșire 	.
ru	Процесс завершился с кодом 	.
ru	Аварийное завершение процесса с кодом завершения 	.
sk	Proces ukončený kódom 	.
sk	Proces spadol s výstupovým kódom 	.
sv	Programmet avslutades med koden 	.
sv	Programmet kraschade med koden 	.
ta	குறியீடு 	 உடன் வெளியேறும் செயல்முறை.
ta	எக்சிட் கோட் 	 உடன் செயல்முறை செயலிழந்தது.
tr	İşlem şu kod ile bitti: 	.
tr	İşlem şu hata koduyla çöktü: 	.
uk	Процес завершився з кодом 	.
uk	Процес зазнав краху з кодом 	.
vi	Tiến trình thoát với mã 	.
vi	Tiến trình bị hỏng với mã lỗi 	.
zh	进程退出，代码：	。
zh	游戏进程崩溃了。退出代码：	。
zh	處理程序已結束，代碼：	。
zh	處理程序已崩潰，結束代碼：	。
